When discussing quantum computers, it is important to understand that at the smallest scales, the universe behaves very differently from what we are used to in our day-to-day lives. Compared to what we learned in grade-school physics, the behaviors of quantum objects are often bizarre and counterintuitive. Describing the behaviors of quantum particles presents a unique challenge. Most common-sense paradigms for the natural world lack the vocabulary to communicate the surprising behaviors of quantum particles. But quantum mechanics reveals how the universe really works. Quantum computers take advantage of quantum mechanics by replacing traditional binary bit circuits with quantum particles called quantum bits, or qubits. These particles behave differently from bits, exhibiting unique properties that can be described only with quantum mechanics. To understand quantum computing, it is important to understand four key quantum mechanics principlesSuperposition Entanglement Decoherence Interference Superposition A qubit itself isn't very useful. But it can place the quantum information it holds into a state of superposition, which represents a combination of all possible configurations of the qubit. Groups of qubits in superposition can create complex, multidimensional computational spaces. Complex problems can be represented in new ways in these spaces. When a quantum system is measured, its state collapses from a superposition of possibilities into a binary state, which can be registered like binary code as either a zero or a one. Entanglement Entanglement is the ability of qubits to correlate their state with other qubits. Entangled systems are so intrinsically linked that when quantum processors measure a single entangled qubit, they can immediately determine information about other qubits in the entangled system. Interference Interference is the engine of quantum computing. An environment of qubits placed into a state of collective superposition structures information in a way that looks like waves, with amplitudes associated with each outcome. These amplitudes become the probabilities of the outcomes of a measurement of the system. These waves can build on each other when many of them peak at a particular outcome or cancel each other out when peaks and troughs interact. Amplifying a probability or canceling out others are both forms of interference. Decoherence Decoherence is the process in which a system in a quantum state collapses into a nonquantum state. It can be intentionally triggered by measuring a quantum system or by other environmental factors (sometimes these factors trigger it unintentionally). Generally speaking, quantum computing requires avoiding and minimizing decoherence.